
# The links between the various web pages can be seen as a directed graph. The importance of a web page is to vote by linking to other pages on the page. A more linked page will have a higher level, whereas if a page has no chain entry or chain entry is lower, the higher the PR value of the page, the more important the page will be.

# PageRank is a static algorithm that is independent of the query, so all PageRank values of the web pages can be obtained offline. This reduces the sorting time required to retrieve the user and greatly reduces the query response time. But PageRank has two drawbacks: first, the PageRank algorithm seriously discriminates against the newly added web pages, because the new web page links and links are usually very few, and the PageRank value is very low. PageRank algorithm only depend on the number of external links and other important degree to rank, while ignoring the correlation between the theme of the page, so that some topics are not related to web pages (such as AD pages) to obtain the bigger PageRank value, which affects the precision of the search results.

# HillTop is the patent that a Google engineer, Bharat, acquired in 2001. HillTop is a query correlation link analysis algorithm which overcomes the shortcomings of PageRank's query independence. The HillTop algorithm says that links to related documents that have the same theme will have greater value to the searcher. In Hilltop, you're only thinking about those expert pages that are used to guide people through their resources. Hilltop in receives a query request, the first calculated according to the theme of the query a list of relevant experts page, and then according to the number of outside experts not affiliated with the affiliate page pointing to the target page, and ordered by relevance to the target page.
# The HillTop algorithm has replaced the fact that the basic sorting of the web site and search keywords has replaced the value of relying too much on the value of PageRank to find those authority pages, and it avoids a lot of ways of trying to increase the value of PageRank by adding a lot of invalid links. The HillTop algorithm makes sure that the results of the evaluation and the relevance of the key word to the key word, the correlation to the key word, and the correlation between the different positions, and the number of phrases that can be used to prevent the number of words in the subject line.
# However, experts of the page to search and determine the key effect to the algorithm, expert page quality plays a decisive role to the accuracy of the algorithm, also ignore the influence of most of the experts page. Experts page on the Internet accounts for the proportion of very low (1.79%), not on behalf of all the Internet web page, so the limitation to the HillTop. At the same time, unlike the PageRank algorithm, the algorithm of HillTop algorithm is run online and has great pressure on the response time of the system.
